hello everyone that excited
today we find ourselves for a
video tutorial to explain how
i did to counter the ps3 system
so many activation so I'm going
explain to you how I did so in
done i will explain to you my proceed
when I did in the day
I found the way so I called
electronic art to ask them
to have a new online pass for
battlefield 3 because I had a
download problem
I explain to you in fact I had lost
my ps3 first time hand I lose them
duel been dumped in fact I bought
a new one and I can not anymore
downloaded are at ps3 finally I do not
could more downloaded are called
will be now because I had
several ps3 systems to activate on my
so count more than 2 I had four
exactly
so what I did I called
electronic art
they told me to do my advisor
on to call sony end me I have not
called sony i told myself shit and
as I could so the guy who was
at the end of the line it's super nice
that cyrielle videos I thank them
he told me go on a website
finally you have to go on
a website and on this website
so I'll show it to you soon
finally have you already you know you
go on google already and he told me must
that you go on site lite with
other devices I'm telling you
will show after that so it's called sony
entertainment network
so that's what you wanted to do in the bar
so you will have the link in the
description of the video for you i
you do all this just for you
so showing that can take a long time
site it can take a long time
I'm going to shut up because it's
possible but not too long engine
the night long so you go you
get there that's it so soon as
you are there on did not bend sure
start you do account management
you click on account management that
opens you a new page that you
can affirm does not need so there
that's not the personal information I
do not you show them I put
just password the up
and there on this site I came back I
went back on my account
playstation network
so to disable the systems the
So like all devices
multiple ps3 systems that you have
activate realize like this
often happens that people come on
your account what you can pass me
the blackops maps or your see see
so you go to this site and you
make peace with clicked that it me
changed you wait for his charge after
you do audio and video devices
here and there normally there is a message
which is displayed
it puts you delete all delete
all devices makes you
delete then you have deleted
all devices had once
you have deleted all your
then multimedia devices and more
would stay more at rude shit by the
devices three quests
so here I clicked see see I have a
playstation system to activate his account
So here you go no I actually
I'm greedy it's not burying money
so you go into account in your
account you see your information
personal on I cleared for not
that you did not sail it so here
you go in multimedia and
devices that extends the bar to
left and there you see videomusic
cartoon and send it game and ag
see I device enabled a system
playstation so that's my ps3 half
and shot
and there are two who want to
connect above them so that's so
now that you did that yourself
click on it normally that's it and
Normally he will ask you to
remove simon have no suprise
like what to do on the
current playstation you do not do it
not known how to stay normally there is the ago
something in it like what or to prevent
peripherals there like I told you
just now when on con you will see you
see me and I do them immediately
you have recently disabled you
prefer that you can not use
this option for the moment so do not
do not always do it all the time already
can do it only once while for
this for six months so in six months you
may do them here in six months I
could do it again
of course no container on my
that's clear
so here it was a little tutorial for
explain to you how I did for
disable the ps3 systems that
encumbered the ps3 so because of this
ps3 system I guess a lot of
players do not know of forgiveness does not
can more downloaded pass in
line or two can not longer
downloaded with their money again
because I still had 27 euros
on my account that I could not anymore
use because I could not anymore
downloaded as what I had
multiple ps3 systems active and so I
am very happy to urge you to
you to share 7 7 7 but a
breath again
this tutorial to be shared this
tutorial to the con it does not take it
long time you have on this site there so
it will be in the description of the video
and
enjoy so I leave you like this and
then we'll meet for next year
of the rate or a next video will have everything